`2003.02.04` `12:59am - 1:06am`

> Practiced for `Show` auditions at school today. `Director` disappoints me to no end. We're not a fucking hair band, no, we don't play covers, no, we won't play [Crazy Train](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hQ_Z-10dXSE) for you, no, we won't cock rock all the way across the stage for you, fucker. It's not us. Then he tells us to change our song. Bastard. We're here for the music.
>> _crazy_ \
>> but that's how it goes \
>> millions of people \
>> living as foes \
>> maybe \
>> it's not too late \
>> to learn how to love \
>> and forget how to hate
>>
>> i've listened to preachers \
>> i've listened to fools \
>> i've watched all the dropouts \
>> who make their own rules \
>> one person conditioned \
>> to rule and control \
>> the media sells it \
>> and you live the role
>>
>> heirs of a cold war \
>> that's what we've become \
>> inheriting troubles \
>> i'm mentally numb \
>> _crazy_ \
>> i just cannot bear \
>> i'm living with something \
>> that just isn't fair

maybe we _should_ have played Crazy Train. \
sorry `Director` -- you're not a bastard. \
you probably just heard \
all the Truth in this song \
and wanted us to share it. \
i'm trying now.

> Typed up my [Medicine Wrapper](../poetry/medicine-wrappers/readme.md) book, easiliy an entire album's worth of material. I write well, I don't care what anyone says (no one has yet) but I'm very good and could hold my own in the industry any day. They're just words to so many, but for me it's my vent, my ear to listen, my _medicine._ I can't sleep without leaving some sort of record of emotion. Wonder if that's how Ozzy felt about writing Crazy Train. I fucking doubt it.

that confidence. \
that clarity. \
and ugh... that _arrogance._

so a beautiful poem \
becomes a chorus cliché \
radio repeats and \
over-saturates.
