// an entry from `2003.02`

---

> I am in a movie. The one about the rock star who gets the girl.

> `Person` and others rushed the stage. Lots followed, once we started the song I went up close to them and that's when it flooded in. No kidding, one of the best experiences of my life thus far. 1200+ screaming fans, pulling at my legs as I solo on the edge of a 4 foot stage w/ beautiful acoustics and a girl offstage left smiling at me. I'd do something on guitar, people would let me know they heard it. I _need_ to do this for the rest of my life. No question. I love it.

> `Person` bashed the band `online` tonight. `many venomous sentences`. I wish him success in nothing.

> She said, "Your friends all think that I'm going to break your heart." She won't.

> `Self` of the future, chalk up `[date/details]` as one of the best days of `Self` of the present's life. I'm reluctant to say it, but. The best.

_the best day_ \
overwhelms the page \
but still, i made  \
some space for _rage_

remembering \
days gone and done \
dismembering \
with my venom \
interesting \
that poison gun \
`diff`ed against \
what i've become

i thought _me_ wrong \
when i first read \
such lashing thoughts \
come from my head \
then \
perception shifts \
sitting in bed: \
i did not rage \
into his _face_-- \
it's on the _page_ \
instead.

and there it mostly stayed \
(i hope) because \
the worst of it \
was now \
`dead`

: _burn_ your rage \
: into a page \
: **_give_ that stone** \
: then float away.
