`2003.01.22` `5:03pm - 5:51pm`

> Well, I'm down to my last `temporal details` and I figure someday I'll want _something_ I can look back on, get all sentimental with. Plus I feel like now I'm making those memories of whatever I'm supposed to be doing, so here it is.

> It's nice being around people, and I feel certain that I'm going to regret taking the vast majority of them for granted.
 
> `...` and what have I done? I'm so glad it's not nothing.

> Damn, I can't believe I wrote "lol". What a loser. Stupid AOL, can't live without it though, well I could, but, you know. Such a great communication tool. So less committed than a phone call, easier, no real obligation to keep a conversation going. The worst part is meeting someone (i.e. `Person`) and then having to meet her in real life after the AOL conversations.

> "Can't get cold until you've felt the warmth."

---

`2003.01.23` `10:15pm - 10:29pm`

> `Person` called tonight. She's pretty shaken up about Mr. `LastName`, who died two days ago, she just found out today at lunch. I tried playing counselor and I think I did okay, though I've never had anything like that happen to me. She said something that got to me though. It was about regretting not talking to him more and learning more from him.

> "Step as I lead you blindly, through what daylight cannot. Step assured, step with ease. What do you think blinded me?"

---

`2003.01.23` `10:41pm - 10:58pm`

> During `band practice` today we were screwing up so bad. I just started screaming. High, painful sounding screams. Anger fear and frustration all in one, this is how I let it go. I played guitar like shit today. Then, when I wanted my room, my sole peaceful oasis, it was occupied. All night. At 9, I said out with `Sibling`, and I felt better. My door is locked. I'd rather not have my parents walking in on my writing.

> I've liked her before. I don't really think I do now, but she's just one of those people I'd like to mean something to. It's weird. I think I mean a lot to some people, not many, less than 20 friends close enough for that. I tell myself quality over quantity but it doesnt' always slide.

> "There's always roots with trees, which would you like to see, today?"

---

`2003.01.27` `12:24am - 1:33am`

> I also talked to the `Guitar Shop` guy, whose name continues to elude me. He just got my guitar fixed, was really nice to me. He even remembered my name. He said he had seen our CD's at the store and would do his best to push them for us. Thank you!! Big Help from unexpected places is great.

> Then we watched Blue Crush. Waste of time.

> We got around to talking bands, we said we were in `Band`, expecting him to have never heard of us before. Instead, he said he had our CD in his car and that he really liked our style! It was so bad ass!

> I worked on the website after skipping church. Parents were pissed. I don't care. I'm sick of church, it's doing nothing but increasing my dislike of it by forcing me to go there. I could just go play piano I suppose, though I'd rather stay out and sleep in Sundays.

> Anyway, `[that night]` after our show, I got extremely trashed. It was the best of my high experiences. Potnvodka on an empty stomach did crazy things. I remember getting off couches at `Person`'s, and then realizing I was crawling, playing guitar like a mad man, almost passing out while sitting on the basement steps with `Person`, Arby's Beef and Cheddar, `...`

> "The second spot is always the best, even at the Super Bowl!" -- on playing order in shows.

---

`2003.01.27` `10:58pm - 11:12pm`

> Listening to our LP. It is surprisingly good. We can carry a tune. Most bands on MP3.com so far have not kept a melody going. It's frustrating, but better for us. Can't wait to hear professionally recorded songs. We are going to sound _so_ good. 

> "Time is running short, it's failing us. Where the hell is never-neverland when you really need it?" 

---

`2003.01.29` `12:42am - 12:51am`

> "Give a little, stupid. Then give a little more. You might just regret it."

---

`2003.01.31` `12:19am - 12:55am`

> Did I write yesterday? I don't think I did. I recorded for practice purposes last night.

> `torrent of memories`. Bonfires, Bonfires, Bonfires. Love it. I'm sad thinking about all this. I want it all back, _now_. What if I can't ever have it back? I need to start realizing that this stuff is only coming once. Make the most of your time with people, `Self`, and at school, and with the band, and at home. You can't get it back. You get one shot. That's it. That's another good reason to have my red book.

> "You'll never touch them again, at least you know where to find them."
