`2003.02.10` `12:11am - 12:24am`

> Duncan Sheik is the _man._ Put on his [self-titled](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLatu9K0ArktUboh1F45ziM9S3GQLqo14F). Very nice.
>> you may not see the end of it \
>> but luckily she comes around \
>> it isn't what she talks about \
>> it's just the way she is
>>
>> i mystified the simple life \
>> i covered up with consciousness \
>> i saw myself and broke it down \
>> til nothing more was left \
>> she saw the symptoms right away \
>> and spoke to me in poetry: \
>> _sometimes the more you wonder why_ \
>> _the worse it seems to get_
>>
>> and she says: ooh, darlin' don't you know \
>> the darkness comes and the darkness goes \
>> ooh babe why don't you let it go? \
>> happiness ain't never how you think it should be so \
>> she runs away...
>> 
>> and then you know there comes a time \
>> you need her more than anything \
>> you may believe yours are the wounds \
>> that only she can heal \
>> then everything will turn around \
>> and she becomes so serious \
>> what she chose to offer you \
>> was all that you could have
>
>> some may fear committed lives \
>> i sure am one of them without you \
>> does it come to you as some surprise? \
>> i laid the ground beneath to doubt you
>>
>> we don't talk about it \
>> we just become shadows of ourselves
> 
>> you really had me going \
>> wishing on a star \
>> but the black holes that surround you \
>> are heavier by far \
>> i believed in your confusion \
>> you were so completely torn \
>> it must've been that yesterday \
>> was the day that i was born
>>
>> what is this attraction? \
>> i can only feel the pain \
>> there's nothing left to reason \
>> and only you to blame
>>
>> i've come to find \
>> i may never know \
>> your changing mind \
>> is it friend or foe? \
>> i rise above \
>> or sink below \
>> with every time \
>> you come and go
>>
>> and i could stand here waiting \
>> a fool for another day \
>> i don't suppose it's worth the price-- \
>> you're worth the price-- \
>> the price that i would pay... \
>> but i'm thinking it over anyway
> 
>> everyone's looking \
>> everyone hides \
>> everyone's telling... \
>> everyone lies \
>> they're changing the subject \
>> they're turning away \
>> away from the heart of it all
>>
>> you say you are happy \
>> you think this is fun \
>> but it's only a firefly \
>> to the light of the Sun \
>> you say this is living \
>> you feel so alive \
>> well, you know, everything dies
>>
>> even my wonder \
>> even my fear \
>> only amount to a couple of tears \
>> there is a rhythm \
>> it's near and it's far \
>> it flows through the heart of us
>>
>> did you ever find out? \
>> did you ever find out \
>> what's at the heart of us?
> 
>> do you remember? \
>> the morning would come \
>> and just like a child \
>> filled with the sun \
>> and the hours never seemed long \
>> where have those days gone? \
>> beyond us... \
>> or so you would believe \
>> but i can't agree \
>> those illusions... \
>> will you ever get through them? \
>> and find the diamond? \
>> _find the diamond inside._
>
>> i hear what you're sayin' \
>> i may seem out of order \
>> nothing's quite the same now \
>> as it ever was before her
>>
>> but none of it does compare \
>> to her eyes
>
>> to leave behind \
>> the wasted time \
>> and every bad decision \
>> and harder still \
>> some force of will \
>> to feel we are forgiven
> 
>> you dream of a future \
>> a possible place \
>> where we lie together \
>> face to face \
>> and i'm looking forward \
>> i will not deny \
>> i dream of a future \
>> made for you and i
>>
>> i look through the brightness \
>> into the sky \
>> the sun up above me \
>> spitting out fire \
>> call me a child \
>> call me naive \
>> the world is much brighter \
>> than it ever used to be
>>
>> and then i'm with you \
>> no longer alone \
>> when i'm with you \
>> it feels like i'm home
> 
>> i want to see my future \
>> i want to know my past \
>> the everlasting present \
>> is that so much to ask?
>>
>> they say there's other vision \
>> deeper than the light \
>> maybe they're just voices \
>> coming from my mind \
>> a hundred million faces \
>> enlightened or afraid \
>> what is going to save us \
>> from all uncertain fate
>> 
>> dropped inside the ocean \
>> covered by the sands of the time \
>> walk me through the seasons \
>> of every single life
>> 
>> does it make you wonder \
>> what's at the end of the outside? \
>> i want to feel closer now \
>> to the stars in the sky
> 
>> some sweet perversion \
>> on the telephone line \
>> i've been waiting \
>> for such a very long time... \
>> for her to be free
>>
>> (she says:) \
>> i'm afraid \
>> it's not to be \
>> you're a sweet guy \
>> but you ain't for me \
>> i live my life \
>> in a different way \
>> you know those things you're thinking \
>> are a big mistake
>> 
>> (she says:) \
>> don't take it bad \
>> don't worry about it \
>> you're a friend of mine \
>> and there's no way around it \
>> sometimes you get there early \
>> sometimes you get there late \
>> but even if you had a chance \
>> you never knew the game
 
thank you, thank you, thank you, Duncan. \
this album shines like the ever-loving Sun. \
_Reasons for Living_ will forever be a favorite. \
i must have sung _Home_ across a thousand bedtimes. \
it was my wedding song.

i did not understand when i was young. \
but i heard these words that _[speak](../poetry/medicine-wrappers/04.speak.md)._ \
right outside the gates of Love-- \
right into to the _heart of us_-- \
right into that _diamond_ crush-- \
the black holes indeed.

> That paper didn't get done, so I'm using my `College` essay about Adam Duritz. Thanks to `Person` for that wonderful recycling tip. Took back cans today, too.
>> in between the moon and you \
>> the angels get a better view \
>> of the crumbling difference \
>> between wrong and right

i'm sure this won't be the last time \
i mention Adam and the Crows. \
`//TODO` see if i still have that paper

> Neither `[of them]` is really too nice to each other as of late and both seem to think _everyone else_ has changed while they've remained the same. Doesn't work like that, folks.
