`2003.02.05` `12:54am - 1:08am`

> Gotta get to bed sooner. Dammit. I sleep at school everyday now. Mornings are next to impossible. Read through old poetry book, the Guitar Method book. Okay stuff there.

> `Person` was really cute today. Glad I don't have to be in a relationship w/ her just to be able to talk with each other like we do. I think she feels the same. It's a very mature friendship.

> Reading old poetry I realized how much I've done with my friends that I don't do now. Just no time at all. No video games, no camping, nothing really outside of the band. It's worth it to me though, I've been putting the Band ahead of myself for quite some time now.

> My hair is getting long. `Person` said long hair is sexy. Look at the logic there.

> Hope `Person` cries over my poems. Hard. She needs to. I need her to. It's the least she could do for me, to cry over what she did to me.

---

`2003.02.06` `1:50am - 1:54am`

> `Person` loves me i think she wants me to write her a poem for her birthday but right now I'm too fucking tired. She jumped into my arms and straddled me in the hall it was beautiful. I like her. Sleep.

> Gotta get to school on time now Mr. `Art Teacher` is angry at me for being so late all the time.

---

`2003.02.06` `8:10pm - 8:25pm`

> Well she wants a poem. Need to get thinking of good ideas. Dropped enough hints tonight to convince me of her intentions. I just gotta take it easy and not try so hard, her advice to me.

---

`2003.02.09` `2:50am - 3:09am`

> Sometimes, I am a god. A fucking god. I just read my response poem to `Person`'s way back in `November`. I remember she was trying to explain her situation through a poem. I wrote a response on the spot. I very nearly gave it a "Hell Yeah!" right now and it's like 3 in the morning. Right past the exit, I'll be there... what a line.

some more arrogance, i suppose. \
the poem _is_ a pretty good one, though... \
`//TODO` add link to poem once it's posted

> I told her guys are assholes, to which she responded, "You never were." Girls kill me.

> I finished (not to mention, started) `Person`'s birthday poem. It's called Sparrow's Song. I've never thought a poem could get me laid, but under the right conditions this might get me damn close. Not that `Person` would do anything like that.

`//TODO` add link to poem once it's posted

> The `[scholarship]` essay was so-so today, but the interview was great. I really yucked it up today, they were smiling and laughing and it all sure felt real to me. I'm in. I'm brutally scared to hear/see the reactions of my bandmates. I know they're not going to be happy for me, so I'm prepared to deal with that at least.
 
> College is slightly less scary now. Ugh. I need to get motivated. The councelors kept wanting to hear about `Band`. That just made me want to do music all that much more. I think they were jut happy to find someone that was a little different, with experience with something outside of school subjects. I gots me some life experience. I'm special, end.

---

`2003.02.09` `1:54pm - 1:59pm`

> I can't believe I'm still in bed.

> It sucked yesterday how I went from such a great mood at `College` then I got home and it was just downhill. I blame it on `Person`, she started it by grilling me about the band when I told her about `College`. But it's okay.

---

`2003.02.11` `12:25am - 12:43am`

> Well, the poem got me a couple hugs, a nice smile or two, the numbers `XXX-XXXX`, and I'm guessing a lot more that I just don't know about.

> I really like my chances for a relationship with her, especially if she decides to go to `College` with me. If I had her I'm sure I wouldn't even be interested in fucking around with `Other Person`. That's mean of me anyways, to do that to a girl.

good boy. \
keep it on the page \
and in your pants.

> Today was a good day. It had its definite low points, but shit happens. The worst was probably me showing the poem to `Darkness`. Bad idea! She decided it was horribly sappy, that I must be soft and that "of course" `Person` would like it. It talks about her "true beauty". Basically she turned my poem into a corny love song and `Person` into an arrogant stuck-up brat. Sometimes I really despise that bitch. She knows just what to say to piss me off.

> I like wearing wacky things around school, people are always more friendly. They always comment. And since it's all a joke anyways, it's always nice and funny and good to hear from new people.

somewhere, i flipped \
i'm the exact opposite of this

> Brought home some artwork, it's now on my wall. Spiral pencil sketch and my train for college. It's sad that I have to take down all my stuff soon. Brutally sad. I can't hang it in a dorm. It will all just get tucked in a portfolio, I'm sure. I want to leave it on these walls forever.

---

`2003.02.11` `11:51am - 12:26am`

> `[...]` Then Mrs. `English Teacher` said mono-gamy and everyone laughed at her. She's stupid. When she asked me what I was going to do my definition essay on, I said simply, "mono-gamy" and got a big laugh. She didn't even know I was picking on her. `Other People` all laughed a lot, high fives were exchanged, good times. `Person` said he would spread the story. I like being seen as funny.

shame. \
guilt. \
i was horrible to you. \
many times. \
i am so sorry. \
you were brand new-- \
and i was brutal. \
it's been quite a while now \
but i hope you're doing well \
and that i left no lasting scars.

> `Person` came up with a great idea for my essay. Define `Band Name`. It's been needing to be done for so long, and now I'm getting a 2fer. Good thinking!

> We waited up there til the place cleared out, left un-noticed and with the feeling that we'd just gotten away with something that didn't even occur.

> Today in the stairwell I heard guys behind me whispering, "Is that him?", "No! It's not him", "Yeah it is, he's from `Band`!". I enjoyed the semi-celebrity feel the situation had. I didn't turn or say anything, but I smiled inwardly as I let it brighten my day.

had i continued on this track \
i'm pretty sure this kind of thing \
would be the end of me \
is it possible to be _good_ for long \
with the perks of celebrity? \
fame seems to have a way \
of corrupting everything.

> `Band Member` yelled at `Stage Manager` who runs everything. Not good. I need to make it a point to apologize `[to him]`.

> In better news, `Director` complemented our singing, and how people could actually listen to our music. And our set up -- flanking the vocals. He described all of our looks and gave a very nice critique. Though I never talk to him, I'll thank him for the comments before `class` tomorrow. I think he really likes us.

> Might be something special with `Person`. Can't wait to find out. And she said she'd _never_ make me quit the band. Very good call, `Person`. 10 points!

---

`2003.02.12` `11:03pm - 11:13pm`

> Quite Tired. Am I foolish to think my time awake is more important, more valuable than my time asleep? Today seemed like a waste of everyone's time.

> Made new `Song` solo up. Not as good as the original but it's more impressive. Higher. `Person` has made me insecure about my voice. It sucks. I can't sing right. Maybe I never could, now I'm just not confident. Shit. I need to possess a voice. Not so good, `Self`. I need to get it together. Fast. I've got nothing else to say, just that `Song` is 31st in the state on MP3.com. I'd like to thank the academy.

---

`2003.02.16` `1:36am - 1:43am`

> `Person`'s last night. No smoke for me, though I took a shot of scotch. Oops, sorry `Girlfriend`. She won't know. I thought of her a lot.

> Home, designed `Band` shirts, grumpy people, _Stigmata_ DVD. Good movie. I agree, religion is within the people and not the church.
>> Father: Frankie, who are you? \
>> Frankie: The messenger is of no importance.
> 
>> The kingdom of God is within you and all around you. It is not within buildings of wood or stone. Split a piece of wood and you will find me. Look beneath a stone and I am there. 

> Flying to `City` to promote the show. We're big shots. People on LJ don't like us. Fuck them too. I love my music.

"big shots" is sarcastic... \
though the flying _was_ real.

> `Person` _might_ call tomorrow too. Hope she does. Maybe we'll watch _Se7en_ the movie. It's a good one. 
>> You're no messiah. You're a movie of the week. You're a fucking t-shirt, at best.
> 
>> Only in a world this shitty could you even try to say these were innocent people and keep a straight face. But that's the point. We see a deadly sin on every street corner, in every home, and we tolerate it. We tolerate it because it's common, it's trivial. We tolerate it morning, noon, and night.
>
>> Ernest Hemingway once wrote, "The world is a fine place and worth fighting for." I agree with the second part.
>
>> _What's in the box?_

---

`...`
