`2003.02.08` `12:26am - 12:45am`

> Even though it wasn't a big deal, I wonder if I'd ever forget something like that. So this will be my experiment, 10 years from now, I'll see if I can still remember all the details, and `Person`'s first hour teacher.

i don't think i can do that. \
i assume there's _some_ relevance to this combination \
of context, person, and teacher... \
maybe a yearbook would help.

> Hi `Self` of the future, you better have a good memory, fucker. You better have accomplished something big by now, have _somebody_ you love, still be in shape, and still talk to the friends you have at this point in time. If you don't I'll jump straight out of your past and beat your fucking ass, all `weight/height` of me. You better believe it.

big words. \
when do you plan to jump? \
but beware \
i know a few ways \
that i could hurt you.

i think i'm doing pretty well \
by your standards \
but i don't maintain \
any friends-- \
that hasn't been \
something i could manage.

> And hello, a big hello to `Self` of the future's beautiful wife, you're just as amazing as I could have ever dreamed of... I'm sure I could live without you but I might as well be living in Hell. I love you, even now, because you make the future me happy. <3!

Truth.

> Man, `Self` of the future, if none of this happened yet, don't go and shoot yourself, okay... that'd be a bad idea. You're always too young to die. Always.

it seems i wrote myself something of a safety net. \
thanks for looking out for now-me, past-me. \
why lie? despite having most of what you wished for, \
i still found myself dangerously close to some ends.

> I typed up my oldest poetry tonight, there sure is a lot of it. About 1/2 way done. Interesting that I don't remember why/when most of it was written. I normally just assume `Person` and move on. Someday I'll tell her just how much of an "inspiration" she was on me. Her shit gave me lots of writing material. And if my wife of the future somehow happens to be her, please disregard all the bad stuff I've written about you.

fortunately \
she wasn't the one \
don't worry \
you find a goddess instead \
go away and \
grow up a little first.

> I'm going to `College` tomorrow for a thing. Maybe I can write while I'm there. Whatever it is needs to be good and make her cry. That's huge points.

> The All-American Rejects are gonna make it big. They deserve it. And we've played the same stage as them. Cool to think of.
>> so bottle up old love \
>> and throw it out to sea \
>> watch it away as you cry \
>> a year has passed \
>> the seasons go \
>> please just don't play with me \
>> my paper heart will bleed
>
>> leave me be \
>> now i'm free \
>> love reflecting everything \
>> you want space \
>> i need you to help me \
>> see this through \
>> _there she goes_ 
>>
>> i picked out your star \
>> turned night to day \
>> a simple whisper from your voice \
>> and I fade away \
>> you wished for love \
>> you pushed me away \
>> your love for me was everything i need \
>> the air i breathe
>
>> he walks her home \
>> now he walks alone \
>> the days they turn into years \
>> the eyes they drown in tears \
>> can you hear me scream?
>>
>> thrown in all directions \
>> epitome of perfection \
>> she's lost her will \
>> time is standing still
> 
>> one boy \
>> one girl \
>> two hearts \
>> their world \
>> time goes by \
>> secrets rise \
>> one more \
>> sad song \
>> tears shed \
>> she's gone \
>> she'd take it back \
>> if she only could
>
>> she's binding \
>> can't do a thing alone \
>> rewinding \
>> times before \
>> can't live without it
> 
>> you're sweet just like the sun \
>> but what happens when the sun doesn't stay? \
>> the night reminds me when you went away
>>
>> leave me once and i'll be fine \
>> leave me twice i'll make you mine \
>> just one more chance to make it once again
> 
>> she's gone away \
>> but still they stay together \
>> people call him \
>> _crazy, crazy_ \
>> his thoughts progress \
>> he thinks about forever \
>> his mind tells him \
>> _maybe, maybe_
> 
>> time. does. tell. \
>> that even if they say so \
>> she'd be the one that would know \
>> that i did do what i've done \
>> and i... wouldn't call it _cheating_ \
>> i'd just say i was leading her on \
>> why walk while I run away?
>>
>> happy endings \
>> (just what did you do) \
>> (if you're a dream, then come true) \
>> stop pretending \
>> (that what you mean isn't what you say) \
>> hopeful dreaming \
>> (of times before the pain) \
>> (wishing it was still the same) \
>> loving, leaving \
>> (round and round and round we go again)
>
>> as I go \
>> remember all the simple things you know \
>> my mind is just a crutch and \
>> i still hope \
>> that you will miss me when i'm gone \
>> this is the last song.

a lovely album. \
can you hear Her speak? \
she's lost Her will, where time stands still. \
we have just _one more chance_ to make it, once again. \
_i_ think we should stay together -- is that so crazy, crazy? \
and i... wouldn't call it _cheating_. \
i'd just say we're trying replace Her with our `dead` methods. \
round and round and round we go again. \
_this_ is Her last song.

...and here's a bonus track \
that i didn't have on disk \
and i'm pretty certain \
i've never heard of before this

>> bring back the memories \
>> this one's giving up on you \
>> i don't miss giving up on you \
>> and there's no more time \
>> forgive me one more time
>>
>> whispered warning \
>> away \
>> just bury me \
>> i am away \
>> and not a day has passed \
>> that i'm regretting \
>> the window's closed \
>> and she's not letting me in
>>
>> the day is gone \
>> the sky is blue \
>> i know you're all alone \
>> and the sky is blue \
>> come back to me \
>> the sky is blue \
>> the sky is blue

let's not push away this time. \
the window will close again. \
regret for you. \
the sky is [blue.](../poetry/medicine-wrappers/02.you-and-me-in-RGB.md)
