`2003.02.03` `12:15am - 12:42am`

> Before I left, I told mom I didn't like church and didn't want to go. She said, "Well, it's the only thing we do as a family" when I asked why I had to go. Good enough reason, so now I'm doing it for _them_ not me.

> Went home, nobody home, recorded more of [White Flag](../poetry/medicine-wrappers/08.emergence.md), I wish I could sing and sound good at the same time. I can hit notes, it's just that I don't enjoy the tone of my voice.

> Then to the show, and we find out we're playing FIRST! Shit! That wrecked it for me. Everything about the show was strange for me. I felt like we were under a microscope, rushed, my amp sounded bad, I couldn't hear `Singer`'s guitar, it was cramped w/ 2 drum set on stage. We're officially angry at `Music Venue`.

> Church I was offered yet again, the _opportunity_ to play with the church band. Yeah right. They need more help that I can give in a 90 minute practice.

> I love this Dishwalla song that's on... [There's nothing about you!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PqDHYvUoYM4)... don't know what it's called.
>> i rest my head \
>> between the bed and sky \
>> download my dread \
>> disarm my mind \
>> _make it dry_
>> 
>> into clear space \
>> vivid vision, see her shape \
>> at my bedside \
>> beam up my mind \
>> _please_
>>
>> there's nothing in motion \
>> and I'm satisfied \
>> no disappointment \
>> til i wake up \
>> don't want to wake up

funny, i always heard the words as: \
"there's nothing about you that don't satisfy". \
i like it better their way. \
i'm going to listen to it again (and again). \
ugh, this chorus! \
**_thank you_ for this song.** \
nothing in motion \
and i'm lost in time.

> "_Might._ _Hope._ _Now._"

> Oh. Some more thoughts. I read the saddest poem today. I'm sure it's not _THE_ saddest, but I almost cried. It's from `Person`'s book _Perks of Being a Wallflower_. Also today I thought about how much I miss `friend details`. I should write a trubute song. Maybe I will.
>> `...` \
>> that's why on the back of a brown paper bag \
>> he tried another poem \
>> and he called it "Absolutely Nothing" \
>> because that's what it was really all about \
>> and he gave himself an A \
>> and a slash on each damned wrist \
>> and he hung it on the bathroom door \
>> because this time he didn't think \
>> he could reach the kitchen.

and now the tears.
